Key exchange update (#35)
tlsnotary/docs-mdbook: src/mpc/key_exchange.md

# Key Exchange

> In TLS, the first step towards obtaining TLS session keys is to compute a shared secret between the client and the server by running the [ECDH protocol](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elliptic-curve_Diffie–Hellman). The resulting shared secret in TLS terms is called the pre-master secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In TLS, the first step towards obtaining TLS session keys is to compute a shared secret between the TLS-client and the TLS-server by running the [ECDH protocol](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elliptic-curve_Diffie–Hellman). The resulting shared secret in TLS terms is called the **pre-master secret (PMS)**.
 
In the TLSNotary protocol, the TLS-client part is performed through cooperation between the `Prover` and the `Verifier`. Both parties pick a random key share that is combined to communicate with the `Server`.
```

<div class="aligncenter"><img src="../../png-diagrams/key_exchange.png" width="800"></div>

## ECDH

We will denote:

- $P$ as the `Prover`
- $V$ as the `Verifier`
- $S$ as the `Server`
- $\mathbb{pms}$ as the TLS pre-master secret.

> Below is the 3-party ECDH protocol between $S$, $P$ and $V$, enabling $P$ and $V$ to arrive at shares of $\mathbb{pms}$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$S$, $P$ and $V$ perform the 3-party ECDH protocol together. The result is that both $P$ and $V$, each have a share of the $\mathbb{pms}$. The 3-party ECDH protocol consists of following steps:
```

Reviewer: I feel like we should avoid 3-party here. I'd say the server plays its normal role. The TLS-client is a 2PC between the Prover and the Verifier.
Note that the diagram also uses *2PC*

> Below is the 3-party ECDH protocol between $S$, $P$ and $V$, enabling $P$ and $V$ to arrive at shares of $\mathbb{pms}$.

Reviewer 2: Can we mention that the notation is from Wikipedia, so ppl could have wikipedia open and easier follow the explanation.

1. $S$ sends its public key $Q_b$ to $P$, and $P$ forwards it to $V$

> 2. $P$ picks a random private key share $d_c$ and computes a public key share $Q_c = d_c * G$

Reviewer: Do we need to explain what `G` is here?

3. $V$ picks a random private key share $d_n$ and computes a public key share $Q_n = d_n * G$
4. $V$ sends $Q_n$ to $P$ who computes $Q_a = Q_c + Q_n $ and sends $Q_a$ to $S$
5. $P$ computes an EC point $(x_p, y_p) = d_c * Q_b$
6. $V$ computes an EC point $(x_q, y_q) = d_n * Q_b$

> Now our goal is to compute additive shares of $\mathbb{pms}$, which we'll redenote as $x_r$, using elliptic curve point addition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that only $P$ communicates with $S$. $V$ does not know who $S$ is, and only communicates with $P$.

The next step is to compute the two additive shares of $\mathbb{pms}$, which we denote as $x_r$, using elliptic curve point addition
```
